I said no more, let's go
Host, don't kill me.
You killed me and I have been handed over by you now
Kill my wife
Light Snow Light Snow
Brother Xiaoxue Xiaoxue
It's great to continue your reputation
Miss Wu saved me
He was a good man.
Take back his before
Xiaoxue, it's not your fault.
It's all my fault, I shouldn't blame you
I didn't expect Chu Chen to be so powerful
I won't be able to beat him in the Dongjiajun
I estimate that General Poseidon
Nine times out of ten, you're already dead.
He's dead, so what are we going to fight him with?
Don't panic
You see this is
Fire Army Order
I already knew that old man was unreliable
So I took advantage of his inattention
Secretly took out the magic army order
From now on
This 100,000 Mohiko army
It's under our field control